convert foam dictionary to neofoam dictionary (#37)
exasim-project/NeoFOAM: CMakeLists.txt

option(NEOFOAM_ENABLE_CLANG_TIDY "Enable clang tidy static analyzer" FALSE)
option(NEOFOAM_ENABLE_PCH "Enable precompiled header" FALSE)

> option(CPM_USE_LOCAL_PACKAGES "Try `find_package` before downloading dependencies" ON)

Reviewer: This is an option for CPM, so I don't think it should be presented as an option for neofoam. What I mean by that is that we should have instead:
```suggestion
if(NOT DEFINED CPM_USE_LOCAL_PACKAGES)
    message(STATUS "Set CPM_USE_LOCAL_PACKAGES=ON by default.")
    set(CPM_USE_LOCAL_PACKAGES ON)
endif()
```

if(NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE)
  message(STATUS "Setting build type to 'Release' as none was specified.")
  set(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE
      Release
      CACHE STRING "Choose the type of build." FORCE)
endif()

> include(cmake/Kokkos.cmake)

Reviewer: I think you could also delete that now

          clang-format -i {} +
  WORKING_DIRECTORY ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR})

#include(cmake/InstallHelpers.cmake)

> #neofoam_install()

Reviewer 2: @greole Are these supposed to be left commented out here?

Reviewer 2: cool cool
